# Project-503
4.5 MW Small Scale Wind Power Project by Nutan Wind Farms in Gujarat, India 
__________

Scale of the project activity Small Scale

Project participants M/S Nutan Wind Farms (Project owner)

Host Party India

Applied methodologies and
standardized baselines

Applied Baseline Methodology:
AMS-I.D.: “Grid connected renewable electricity
generation”, version 18

Standardized Methodology: Not Applicable.

Sectoral scopes 01 Energy industries
(Renewable/Non-Renewable Sources)
________________
The project activity is a renewable power generation activity which incorporates installation and operation of 3
Wind Turbine Generators (WTGs) having total capacity 4.5 MW each manufactured and supplied by Suzlon
Global Service Limited with aggregated installed capacity of 4.5 MW in the state of Gujarat in India. This
project has been promoted by M/s. Nutan Wind Farms.

The WTGs under the project activity were commissioned in Gujarat As per the ex-ante estimate, the project
will generate approximately 9855 MWh of electricity per annum. The net generated electricity from the project
activity is sold to state electricity board i.e., GUVNL under the Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) signed
between the PP and the utility. In pre-project scenario, electricity delivered to the grid by the project activity
would have otherwise been generated by the operation of fossil fuel-based grid-connected power plants and by
the addition of new fossil fuel-based generation sources. 

Through utilization of renewable power at the
manufacturing unit, the project activity would be displacing equivalent quantum of grid electricity resulting
in an emission reduction of 8,869 tCO2e per annum. The project activity has been helping in greenhouse gas
(GHG) emission reduction by using renewable resources (wind energy) for generating power which otherwise
would have been generated using grid mix power plants, which is dominated by fossil fuel based thermal
power plants.
____________
Sr.No./ Name Of PP/ District/ WTG Number /Commissioning Date
____________
1 /M/S Nutan Wind Farm/ Jamnagar /SEL/1500/13-14/3422 /11/03/2014
________
2 /M/S Nutan Wind Farm /Jamnagar/ SEL/1500/13-14/3423 /07/03/2014
____________
3 /M/S Nutan Wind Farm/ Jamnagar /SEL/1500/13-14/3424/ 07/03/2014
________________
The project location is situated in the state of Gujarat. The nearest airport Facilities The project site is well
connected by district and village roads to the nearest town. The geographic co-ordinates of the project
locations have been provided below.

Sr. No. /Name Of PP/ District/ WTG Number /Pinpoint Location
__________
M/S Nutan Wind Farm Jamnagar /SEL/1500/13-14/3422 /22°10'10.5"N 69°36'27.9"E
________
M/S Nutan Wind Farm Jamnagar /V15 SEL/1500/13-14/3423 /22°09'58.6"N 69°36'11.5"E
________
M/S Nutan Wind Farm Jamnagar /V17 SEL/1500/13-14/3424/ 22°09'24.3"N 69°36'30.8"E
